Added a `selected` override to the NavTab component (#224)
moovweb/react-storefront: README.md

## Changelog

### 6.41.0

> - Added a `selected` override to the NavTab component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to override the style of selected a NavTab via a new `selected` class.
```
